Retail – Autonomous Promotion Planner: 

  Retail promotions are a key tool for all retail companies to sell their products. 
  However, successful promotion strategies require complex optimization, 
  coordination, product and market understanding, and subjective judgments. 
  Teams must account for these factors while balancing commercial objectives 
  and operational constraints.

  Develop an agentic planner capable of extracting, or inferring with a high 
  degree of confidence, all relevant input parameters and making decisions on 
  the key dimensions of the promo strategy. The planner should adjust to 
  dynamic requirements as it builds the strategy and satisfy all necessary and 
  relevant constraints imposed by the parent company.

Inputs to the solution:
The AI agent receives the following inputs:
  1. Inventory
  2. Competitor prices
  3. Holidays
  4. Margins
  5. Customer segments

Using these inputs, it decides:
  1. Which products to promote
  2. Discount amount
  3. Duration
  4. Target audience

These decisions must satisfy constraints such as:
  1. Minimum margin
  2. Inventory clearance
  3. Marketing budget

The following would be the core desirable features in the solution:
  1. Select which products to promote
  2. Determine the promotion mechanism
  3. Optimize the discount and customize other strategies
  4. Understand cannibalization
  5. Understand product relationships
  6. Consider inventory constraints
  7. Geographically customize promotions
  8. Competitor awareness
  9. Simulate the promotion before launching

Solution depth requirements:
  D1: Mostly structured and textual data as input. Should generate acceptable 
  outputs in a majority of situations.
  D2: Mostly structured and textual data as input. High degree of 
  demonstrable reliability.
  D3: Highly heterogeneous multimodal input. High degree of demonstrable 
  reliability.

Solution feature requirements:
  F1: Covers at least 2 of the features from the feature list
  F2: Covers at least 5 of the features from the feature list
  F3: Covers at least 7 of the features from the feature list.
